# Deep_Learning
# credit-risk-classification
 
## Technologies
  Python, Pandas, sklearn.metrics, imbalanced_learn, jupyter notebook

## Resources
 Data for this dataset was generated by edX Boot Camps LLC
 
 ## Purpose
  Split data into training and testing sets to use a machine learning model in order to classify home loan risk. Run logistic regressions on the testing data and find the precision of the model through use of a confusion matrix, accuracy scoring, and classification reporting. 
  
 ## Analysis Methods
  - Split data into training and testing sets.
  - Created Logistic Regression model to generate predictions.
  - Evaluated accuracy of model.
  - Used imbalanced_learn's RandomOverSampler to resample and retest the data.
  - Created new Logistic Regression model and evaluated accuracy of new model.

The report should contain the following:

Overview of the analysis: Explain the purpose of this analysis.

Results: Using bulleted lists and images to support your answers, address the following questions:

Data Preprocessing

What variable(s) are the target(s) for your model?
What variable(s) are the features for your model?
What variable(s) should be removed from the input data because they are neither targets nor features?
Compiling, Training, and Evaluating the Model

How many neurons, layers, and activation functions did you select for your neural network model, and why?
Were you able to achieve the target model performance?
What steps did you take in your attempts to increase model performance?
Summary: Summarize the overall results of the deep learning model. Include a recommendation for how a different model could solve this classification problem, and then explain your recommendation.
